feat: spectral CI for PDND OAS3 and OAS fixes (#990)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/authentic-source-endpoint.rst

    - both MUST save the ``jti`` value in the Agid-JWT-Signature payload of the request to manage Signals related to the deffered issuance of a Digital Credential (see :ref:`signal-hub-endpoint:Signals Processing`);
    - the Authentic Source MUST record the datetime value provided within the ``last_updated`` parameter, which indicates the last time the User's attributes were updated in the Authentic Source's database;
    - the Credential Issuer MUST read the ``last_updated`` value received in the response to be able to check if the User's attributes have changed since the last issuance of a Digital Credential.

> The successful response (HTTP 200) returns a ``CredentialClaimsResponse`` object formatted as a **Signed JWT**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The successful response (HTTP 200) returns a ``CredentialClaimsResponse`` object formatted as a **Payload JSON**.
```

Author: fatto
